Update soc2 doc to point to Unleash Enterprise (#8958)
Unleash/unleash: website/docs/using-unleash/compliance/soc2.mdx

To get SOC2 certified and maintain your compliance, you must ensure that any system you integrate with, including feature flagging solutions, are also SOC2 certified. Using a homegrown or third-party feature flagging system without SOC2 compliance can compromise your certification and introduce unnecessary risks.

> This guide provides an overview of how [Unleash Enterprise](https://www.getunleash.io/enterprise-feature-management-platform) features align with SOC2 Type II controls, helping your organization meet its compliance requirements.

Reviewer: Happy to go ahead with this change, but technically not _all_ the features we list in the table need Enterprise

> This guide provides an overview of how [Unleash Enterprise](https://www.getunleash.io/enterprise-feature-management-platform) features align with SOC2 Type II controls, helping your organization meet its compliance requirements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide provides an overview of how [Unleash Enterprise](https://www.getunleash.io/pricing) features align with SOC2 Type II controls, helping your organization meet its compliance requirements.
```
